Based on the title, abstract, and MeSH terms below and the previously described inclusion criteria, identify using “yes” or “no” as categorizations if the article is related to precision medicine, diabetes, correct source population, and primary study.  

Title: Hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic effects of Moringa oleifera leaves and their functional chemical constituents

Abstract: "Moringa oleifera Lam. (M. oleifera) leaves have long been consumed as both nutritive vegetable and popular folk medicine for hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia in Kenya communities. In the current study, in vitro inhibition by M. oleifera leaf extract (MOLE, 90% (v/v) ethanol) of α-glucosidase and pancreatic lipase was demonstrated, followed by determination of the effects of MOLE on both glucose consumption and lipid levels (TC, TG, HDL-C and LDL-C) in 3T3-L1 cells. Potential ligands in MOLE were fast screened using affinity ultrafiltration LC-MS, and 14 and 10 components displayed certain binding affinity to α-glucosidase and pancreatic lipase, respectively. Docking studies revealed the binding energies and hydrogen bonds between potential ligands and enzymes. This study suggests that M. oleifera leaves may be a promising natural source for the prevention and treatment of hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia as well as a functional food or other product for health care in the near future.

Keywords: Hyperglycemia; Hyperlipidemia; Moringa oleifera; Pancreatic lipase; UF-LC/MS; α-glucosidase."  

MeSH: 3T3-L1 Cells; Animals; Glycoside Hydrolase Inhibitors / chemistry; Glycoside Hydrolase Inhibitors / pharmacology; Humans; Hypoglycemic Agents / chemistry; Hypoglycemic Agents / pharmacology; Hypolipidemic Agents / chemistry; Hypolipidemic Agents / pharmacology; Lipase / antagonists & inhibitors; Lipid Metabolism / drug effects; Mice; Moringa oleifera / chemistry*; Plant Extracts / chemistry*; Plant Extracts / pharmacology*; Plant Leaves / chemistry*   

Organize your analysis of this abstract in a table, with the following columns: article name, precision medicine, diabetes, correct source population, primary study.
