Based on the title, abstract, and MeSH terms below and the previously described inclusion criteria, identify using “yes” or “no” as categorizations if the article is related to precision medicine, diabetes, correct source population, and primary study.  

Title: Gut Microbiome Alterations Associated with Diabetes in Mexican Americans in South Texas 

Abstract: "Mexican Americans have a high prevalence of diabetes and burden of diabetes-related complications, highlighting the need for novel preventive strategies and noninvasive predictors of diabetes risk tailored to this population. Changes in the gut microbiome have the potential to predict diabetes. Here, we aimed to identify alterations in the gut microbiome associated with diabetes in the high-risk population of Mexican Americans in South Texas. Stool samples were collected from 216 subjects from the population-based Cameron County Hispanic Cohort. Among them, 75 had type 2 diabetes. Taxonomic and functional profiling of the stool samples were assessed by 16S and shotgun metagenomic sequencing, and the influence of genetic factors was explored. The gut microbiome of subjects with diabetes was enriched with proinflammatory Proteobacteria members (Enterobacteriaceae, Escherichia-Shigella) and depleted of butyrate-producing Clostridiales members (Faecalibacterium prausnitzii, Peptostreptococcaceae, and Clostridium sensu stricto 1). The accompanying metagenomic changes in subjects with diabetes suggested dysregulated amino acid metabolism, reduced galacturonate and glucuronate catabolism (correlating with Faecalibacterium prausnitzii abundance), and enriched heme biosynthesis (correlating with Enterobacteriaceae abundance). Polymorphism rs7129790 near MMP27 was strongly associated with high Proteobacteria abundance and was more frequent in this cohort and in individuals of Mexican ancestry than in Europeans. In conclusion, Mexican Americans in South Texas with diabetes display distinct gut microbiome and metagenomic signatures. These signatures may have utility in risk modeling and disease prevention in this high-risk population. IMPORTANCE The gut microbiome composition varies across ethnicities and geographical locations, yet studies on diabetes-associated microbiome changes specific to high-risk Mexican Americans are lacking. Here, we aimed to identify specific alterations associated with diabetes in this population, as well as host genetic factors that may explain increased disease susceptibility in this ethnic group. Using samples from a population-based cohort of Mexican Americans with a high prevalence of obesity and diabetes, we confirmed findings from studies on other ethnicities that suggested promotion of a chronic proinflammatory environment, loss of butyrate production, and compromised intestinal barrier integrity. High abundance of proinflammatory Proteobacteria was associated with a polymorphism that was more frequent in this cohort and in individuals of Mexican ancestry than in Europeans. Validation of microbiome-based risk models for diabetes should be evaluated in prospective cohort studies. 

Keywords: Mexican American population; diabetes; gut microbiome; health disparity; metagenome."  

MeSH: Butyrates; Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2* / epidemiology; Enterobacteriaceae; Gastrointestinal Microbiome* / genetics; Humans; Mexican Americans / genetics; Prospective Studies; Texas / ethnology   

Organize your analysis of this abstract in a table, with the following columns: article name, precision medicine, diabetes, correct source population, primary study.
