Based on the title, abstract, and MeSH terms below and the previously described inclusion criteria, identify using “yes” or “no” as categorizations if the article is related to precision medicine, diabetes, correct source population, and primary study.  

Title: Ipragliflozin, a sodium glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitor, reduces intrahepatic lipid content and abdominal visceral fat volume in patients with type 2 diabetes 

Abstract: 
"Objective: We recently investigated the effect of ipragliflozin, a sodium glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitor (SGLT-2I), in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes by a 24-week. SGLT-2Is also have an anti-obesity effect, and reduction of body fat has been demonstrated by indirect methods. However, evaluation of the effect on the total visceral fat volume and intrahepatic lipid content has not been performed. 

Research design and methods: We measured the abdominal subcutaneous fat volume (SFV) and visceral fat volume (VFV) by whole abdominal CT scanning, the intrahepatic lipid (IHL) content by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS), and the fat mass index (FI) and appendicular skeletal mass index (ASMI) by dual X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) in 20 patients from our previous study. 

Results: Administration of ipragliflozin at 50 mg/day for 24 weeks significantly reduced SFV, VFV, and IHL. FI and ASMI were also significantly decreased. Changes of VFV and IHL content at 12 weeks were significantly correlated with the change of HbA1c, but no correlation was observed at 24 weeks 

Conclusion: These findings demonstrate that ipragliflozin decreases visceral and hepatic fat, with improvement of glycemic control possibly being attributable to these changes at least up to 12 weeks. 

Keywords: Ipragliflozin; appendicular skeletal mass index; fat index; intrahepatic lipid content; intrahepatic visceral fat volume; subcutaneous fat volume; type 2 diabetes."

MeSH: Blood Glucose / analysis; Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 / blood; Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 / diagnostic imaging; Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 / drug therapy*; Glucosides / administration & dosage; Glucosides / therapeutic use*; Humans; Intra-Abdominal Fat / diagnostic imaging; Intra-Abdominal Fat / drug effects*; Lipids / analysis*; Liver / diagnostic imaging; Liver / drug effects*; Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy; Male; Obesity / prevention & control; Sodium-Glucose Transporter 2 Inhibitors*; Thiophenes / administration & dosage; Thiophenes / therapeutic use*; Tomography, X-Ray Computed   

Organize your analysis of this abstract in a table, with the following columns: article name, precision medicine, diabetes, correct source population, primary study. 
