Based on the title, abstract, and MeSH terms below and the previously described inclusion criteria, identify using “yes” or “no” as categorizations if the article fulfills the criteria for precision medicine, diabetes, correct source population, and primary study.  

Title: Linkage analysis of diabetes status among hypertensive families: the Hypertension Genetic Epidemiology Network study

Abstract: Type 2 diabetes susceptibility is determined by multiple genetic and environmental factors. Genome-wide linkage scans have localized common regions, possibly harboring susceptibility genes on chromosomes 1, 2, 12, and 20. Variability in linkage findings underscores the probable genetic heterogeneity of type 2 diabetes. Thus, we conducted a genome scan of diabetes status using maximum likelihood methods that model affection status by a liability threshold model. Hypertensive sibships and their offspring and/or parents in the Hypertension Genetic Epidemiology Network study were recruited from five field centers. The diabetes phenotype was derived using the World Health Organization criteria and adjusted for race/study center, age, age2, sex, and with and without percent body fat. In total, 567 diabetic participants were identified in 437 families. Variance component linkage analysis was performed among 1,545 Caucasians and 1,608 African Americans using race-specific marker allele frequencies. We detected a quantitative trait loci (QTLs) influencing diabetes variance (logarithm of odds = 3.4) on chromosome 22, which overlaps a positive type 2 diabetes finding among Canadian Oji-Cree Indians. We also observed suggestive evidence for linkage on chromosomes 1, 2, 5, 8, 14, 17, and 19. The identification and replication of type 2 diabetes QTLs will bring us closer to the detection of functional genes that influence diabetes susceptibility.  

MeSH: Chromosome Mapping*; Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 / epidemiology; Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 / genetics*; Diabetic Angiopathies / epidemiology; Female; Genome; Human; Humans; Hypertension / epidemiology; Hypertension / genetics*; Male; Middle Aged; Racial Groups, United States    

Organize your analysis of this abstract in a table, with the following columns: article name, precision medicine, diabetes, correct source population, primary study. Please provide evidence directly from the title, abstract, and MeSH terms to justify your classifications. 
