Based on the title, abstract, and MeSH terms below and the previously described inclusion criteria, identify using “yes” or “no” as categorizations if the article fulfills the criteria for precision medicine, diabetes, correct source population, and primary study.  

Title: Mammalian NPC1 genes may undergo positive selection and human polymorphisms associate with type 2 diabetes

Abstract: 
"Background: The NPC1 gene encodes a protein involved in intracellular lipid trafficking; its second endosomal loop (loop 2) is a receptor for filoviruses. A polymorphism (His215Arg) in NPC1 was associated with obesity in Europeans. Adaptations to diet and pathogens represented powerful selective forces; thus, we analyzed the evolutionary history of the gene and exploited this information for the identification of variants/residues of functional importance in human disease. 

Methods: We performed phylogenetic analysis, population genetic tests, and genotype-phenotype analysis in a population from Saudi Arabia. 

 Results: Maximum-likelihood ratio tests indicated the action of positive selection on loop 2 and identified three residues as selection targets; these were confirmed by an independent random effects likelihood (REL) analysis. No selection signature was detected in present-day human populations, but analysis of nonsynonymous polymorphisms showed that a variant (Ile642Met, rs1788799) in the sterol sensing domain affects a highly conserved position. This variant and the previously described His215Arg polymorphism were tested for association with obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D) in a cohort from Saudi Arabia. Whereas no association with obesity was detected, 642Met allele was found to predispose to T2D. A significant interaction was noted with sex (P = 0.041), and stratification on the basis of gender indicated that the association is driven by men (P = 0.0021, OR = 1.5). Notably, two NPC1 haplotypes were also associated with T2D in men (rs1805081-rs1788799, His-Met: P = 0.0012, OR = 1.54; His-Ile: P = 0.0004, OR = 0.63). 

Conclusions: Our data indicate a sex-specific effect of NPC1 variants on T2D risk and describe putative binding sites for filoviruses entry."

MeSH: Adult; Aged; Alleles; Amino Acid Sequence; Carrier Proteins / genetics*; Cohort Studies; Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 / epidemiology; Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 / genetics*; Evolution, Molecular; Female; Humans; Intracellular Signaling Peptides and Proteins; Male; Membrane Glycoproteins / genetics*; Middle Aged; Models, Molecular; Molecular Sequence Data; Mutation, Missense; Niemann-Pick C1 Protein; Obesity / epidemiology; Obesity / genetics; Polymorphism, Genetic*; Receptors; Virus / genetics; Saudi Arabia; Selection, Genetic*; Sex Factors   

Organize your analysis of this abstract in a table, with the following columns: article name, precision medicine, diabetes, correct source population, primary study. Please provide evidence directly from the title, abstract, and MeSH terms to justify your classifications. 
